Traffic-Based App Rewards: App Activity Meta table and tracking (#5291)
hyperledger-labs/splice: docs/src/release_notes_upcoming.rst

      - Bring back the governance page that was removed in release 0.5.18.

    - ``canton.scan-apps.scan-app.activity-ingestion-user-version`` configuration setting

>       has been added to control the activity record ingestion version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      has been added to control the activity record ingestion version
      for the purpose of recovering from unexpected operational issues.
```

      Incrementing this value causes the Scan app to record a new completeness
      boundary; reward accounting excludes rounds before it, while existing
      activity records are retained.
      See the :ref:`SV Operations docs <sv-reingest-scan-stores>` for more details.

>         - The ``app_activity_record_store`` table has been modified to avoid unexpected DB performance issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - The ``app_activity_record_store`` table has been modified to improve DB performance.
```

>           This required clearing the existing data in this table which has been ingested since the ``0.5.18`` release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          The corresponding DB migration truncates the existing data in this table which has been ingested since the ``0.5.18`` release, which is OK as we are still in the preview phase of CIP-104.
```
